
(1) How to run Angular project:

	npm install
	npm start
	
(2) Project description :

	'car-owners-angular' this is Angular project with folowing content :

		dynamic modules, 
		template driven and reactive HTML forms, 
		interfaces for data models,
		HTTP interceptors,
		services injecting,
		Bootstrap for layout and style HTML elements, 
		external backend API from Python project 'car-owners-project'.

(3) This Angular project is using external backend API from Python project 'car-owners-project'.
	
	Source code for mentioned above Python project is here :

		https://github.com/mpaczes/python-tool-kit/tree/main/flask_web_development_framework/car-owners-project
		
	To run Python project one need to type in CMD window and inside Python virtual environment folder :
	
		(venv_car_owners_python_3_11) flask --app car_owners run --debug
		
	Additional Python commends for checking Python installation and its libraries set up :
		
		(venv_car_owners_python_3_11) python --version	-->>	Python 3.11.4
		
		(venv_car_owners_python_3_11) pip freeze	-->>
		
			alembic==1.11.3
			blinker==1.6.2
			click==8.1.7
			colorama==0.4.6
			dnspython==2.4.2
			email-validator==2.0.0.post2
			Flask==2.3.3
			Flask-Migrate==4.0.4
			Flask-SQLAlchemy==3.0.5
			Flask-WTF==1.1.1
			greenlet==2.0.2
			idna==3.4
			itsdangerous==2.1.2
			Jinja2==3.1.2
			Mako==1.2.4
			MarkupSafe==2.1.3
			SQLAlchemy==2.0.20
			typing_extensions==4.7.1
			Werkzeug==2.3.7
			WTForms==3.0.1

//---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Documentation generated by Angular during creating project proces with CLI tool :

# CarOwnersProject

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
